Additional screenshot + cleaned up a bit (#3812)
DataDog/documentation: content/integrations/faq/error-datadog-not-authorized-sts-assume-role.md

Check the following points for the AWS account mentioned in the error:

> 1. Ensure that you are using the correct IAM role name in the [Datadog AWS integration tile][2]. Extra spaces or characters in AWS or Datadog causes the role delegation to fail:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that you are using the correct IAM role name in the [Datadog AWS Integration tile][2]. Extra spaces or characters in AWS or Datadog causes the role delegation to fail:
```

    {{< img src="integrations/faq/aws-error-sts-assume-role-04.png" alt="AWS Create IAM Role - Review" responsive="true">}}

> 2. When creating an IAM role, ensure Datadog's account ID `464622532012` is entered under `Another AWS account`. Entering any other account ID causes the integration to fail. Also ensure `Required MFA` is **unchecked**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When creating an IAM role, ensure Datadog's account ID `464622532012` is entered under `Another AWS account`. Entering any other account ID causes the Integration to fail. Also ensure `Required MFA` is **unchecked**:
```

    {{< img src="integrations/faq/aws-error-sts-assume-role-01.png" alt="AWS Create IAM Role" responsive="true">}}

> 3. Generate a new AWS External ID in the [Datadog AWS integration tile][2] and click the **Update Configuration** button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Generate a new AWS External ID in the [Datadog AWS Integration tile][2] and click the **Update Configuration** button:
```

  {{< img src="integrations/faq/aws-error-sts-assume-role-02.png" alt="Datadog AWS integration tile" responsive="true">}}

4. Add the newly generated AWS External ID to your AWS trust policy:
  {{< img src="integrations/faq/aws-error-sts-assume-role-03.png" alt="AWS Trust Policy" responsive="true">}}

> Note, after the configuration update the error may persist in the UI for a few hours while the changes propagate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the error **may** persist in the UI for a few hours whilst the changes propagate.
```
